#summary springFlexGae project wiki site
#labels GAE,Springs,Featured,Edit,JavaEE

= Introduction =

 It's a sample weld project running on Google App Engine. The project was created with the help of great tutorial by Shane Bryzak: http://in.relation.to/Bloggers/WeldJSF20AndGoogleAppEngineNavigatingTheMinefieldPart1

= Tooling =
SVN-Client, Maven, GAE SDK, IDE

= Deployment =

 The project is deployed on Google App Engine cloud: http://spring-flex-gae.appspot.com
 
 https://appengine.google.com is used to manage apps.

= Restrictions =
== Java ==
Whitelist: Access to the classes in the Java standard library (the Java Runtime Environment, or JRE) is limited to the following classes: 

http://code.google.com/intl/de-DE/appengine/docs/java/jrewhitelist.html

== JPA ==
 * JPA1.0 implementation is used
 * No support for uniqueness constraints
 * Owned many-to-many relationships, and unowned relationships. You can implement unowned relationships using explicit Key values, though type checking is not enforced in the API.
 * "Join" queries. You cannot use a field of a child entity in a filter when performing a query on the parent kind. Note that you can test the parent's relationship field directly in query using a key.
 * Aggregation queries (group by, having, sum, avg, max, min)
 * Polymorphic queries. You cannot perform a query of a class to get instances of a subclass. Each class is represented by a separate entity kind in the datastore.

== EJB ==
not supported
 
== Flex ==
http://martinzoldano.blogspot.com/2009/04/appengine-adobe-blazeds-fix.html