#summary spring-faces-pizza project wiki site
#labels Spring,Spring Webflow,Spring Faces,JSF,JPA,Maven

= Introduction =
 This project realizes a conversational web application where one can order a pizza 
 by a phone call. The example is taken from the "Spring in action" book from craig 
 walls from 2007. Indeed, 2007 is quite a while ago. Nevertheless it is a good case
 study. The application is realized with Spring Faces. Spring Faces itself covers 
 Spring Core, Spring MVC, Spring Webflow and JSF. Furthermore we include aspects like
 persistence and security managed by Spring. 
 I think this template project is a good entry point to see how to implement a web 
 application where the application's websites do not base on free-flow navigation. 
 This means that the application has the control and guides the user from one page 
 to the next one.    

= Content =

 This Spring Faces sample project provides a ready to go structure: Maven, security and persistence are configured

= Development =

== Technology ==

  * Spring 2.5
  * Spring Webflow 2
  * Spring Faces 2
  * JSF 1.2
  * JPA 1.0
  * Hibernate 3.3

== Environment ==

  * Server: apache tomcat 6.0
  * Database: embedded hsql 1.8.0
  * Java: jdk 1.6.0_12
  * Build management: Maven 2.2.1

== IDE ==

  * eclipse-jee-galileo-SR1-win32
    * Apache Tomcat 6.0
    * M2Eclipse 0.9.9
    * Subversive 0.7.8/Subversion 1.6.7
    * JUnit 3

== Deployment ==

  * As the project package type is war the build result will be .war file
  * Simply build the project with maven
  